## TITLE START ##
Discussion and Analysis
## TITLE END ##

## HEADING START ##
Implications of Findings
## HEADING END ##

## PARAGRAPH START ##
Evidently, there is at least some level of genuine appreciation for and intention to participate in anti-consumption behaviors among all of the interviewees and most of the survey respondents for this project. Over 77% of respondents claimed to have already participated in an anti-consumption activity, while all six interviewees stated the same thing. Similarly, the mean 1-10 score for current motivation to engage in anti-consumption was 6.18. 

As expected, however, there is complexity to the results. Survey respondents reported a mean 1-10 score of 7.5 for their motivation to participate in anti-consumption in the next ten years, which is significantly higher than their current motivation. This may be because respondents will genuinely be more willing and able to participate in the future than they are currently, but may also be a result of discounting the value they’ll place on all other activities – which currently may prevent them from contributing more to anti-consumption efforts – in the future. Similarly, although all interviewees described at least one specific instance of anti-consumption participation, all of the described actions were ones that were also financially beneficial to them. Evidently, the cynical idea that people are never willing to sacrifice any of their own quality of life for the greater environmental good may be correct. 

Perhaps a more plausible explanation, though, is that most anti-consumption activities are not popular enough to convince people that their participation would actually make a difference in the world’s issues. This is parallel to the perspective about voluntary simplicity shared by Aidar & Daniels that the movement “[lacks] political teeth” and thus is unable to create systemic-level change, possibly due in part to a lack of collective identity in the movement (Aidar & Daniels, 2020, 55). As is clear from the positive but discouraged perspectives shared in this project’s interviews, anti-consumption efforts could benefit from a stronger collective identity. Popularizing Dr. Gabriela Baron’s perspective that individuals should largely not be viewed as responsible for the world’s environmental issues, and thus taking pressure off individuals (Baron, 2024), could ironically increase individual participation in anti-consumption by creating a stronger collective anti-corporation sentiment. 

Another possible way to improve the popularity of anti-consumption efforts would be to, as discussed in the interviews, focus campaigns around their individual benefits. For Lee mentions that people who consciously limit their materialism tend to experience “high levels of subjective well-being” (Lee, 2022, 4), while saving money to spend on shared experiences, “avoiding debts”, and “avoiding disorder” were all found to be non-environmental motivations for anti-consumption participation in young people by a separate study (Ziesemer et al., 2021, 427-440). Evidently, there are multiple different reasons why individuals could be motivated to participate in anti-consumption behaviors that have nothing to do with the environment. 

Policy is an additional – and likely the most effective – way in which consumption levels can be reduced at wide scale. For example, Renée Cho of the Columbia Climate School proposes international wage standards to prevent unnaturally cheap labor, and thus unnaturally cheap prices of manufactured goods (Cho, 2020). She also proposes directly incentivizing people to cut down on waste by charging people or corporations for their waste (Cho, 2020). While the impact of these policies – as with any new policy – would likely be sociologically complex and include unintended consequences, they would help place more financial responsibility of overconsumption on corporations and make it easier for individuals to consume appropriately. Consequently, such policies are at least worth considering. 
## PARAGRAPH END ##